let us pray father we come before you
one more time father giving you thanks
and our give you praise for allowing us
to wake up this morning to be able to
assemble here to represent the people
that you have placed Us in in
representation of Father God God we ask
that the decisions that are made here
today that are decisions that are
pleasing in your sight we ask that you
continue to bless Central Texas College
the state of Texas and this nation
father bless those that are in
leadership and continue to give them
strength and wisdom to make decisions
that are pleasing unto you it's in Jesus
name I pray amen amen thank you sir
thanked of
ALG Al to the flag of the United States
of America and to the Republic for it
stands na God
indivisible and justice for all please
follow me in the Texas flag honas flag
Ias
one State under God one
indivisual
amen first item of business is to
approve the minutes of the November 19th
meeting motion to approve is published
is there a mo a second second second
discussion questions additions all in
favor say I I amen item three
opportunity for members of the public to
speak to the board suggest items of
interest and topics any thank you very
much now the Chancellor's report okay uh
first I'd like to share with you a
couple of promotions and they are
internal promotions which is always nice
uh we we have Dr Katherine oser and Miss
Tracy Martin with us today and I'll
introduce Dr oser first um a graduate of
Central Texas College Dr Katherine oer
began her career as a tutor in computer
science before becoming a professor
there was a progression there in the
meantime Dr Oaker obtained a Bachelor of
Science and computer information systems
from Charlton State University the
Masters of Science and management
information systems from Texas A&M
University Central Texas and a doctorate
in leadership in educational
Administration from the University of
Mary Harden veor along with
certifications in cloud computing and
learning disabilities Dr oer has served
on numerous CTC and Statewide committees
in 2014 she became she was appointed
department chair of computer information
technology and systems and last month
she was pointed to the position of Dean
Workforce education academic Outreach
and lifelong learning and our message to
her is pace yourself because she's
trying to do everything right now and
she has had she's already had a
tremendous impact um in that area Dr
oser would you please come forward
[Applause]
so proud of her so proud of
her I wrote this and then I decided I
was going to shorten it but then Miss
Martin told me that we are a team and we
gota we gotta read the thing so I'm a
little nervous
but it's truly a privilege to be here
before you
um and I'm gonna try not to cry sorry go
ahead you have
permission um I've been here 20 years
and um and I'm going complete I'm sorry
I'm going off script I'm I'm homegrown I
started here I grew up here um CTC is my
foundation and uh I'm inspired every day
to change lives through education I mean
this is a personal mission of my own
happens to be an extension of the
missions of the college and
um uh the opportunity to become the dean
um just expands and gives me more chance
to exercise that opportunity and serve
our community in the best way possible
and um I thank you all for that thank
you thank you sorry oh you're fine don't
AP she raises good chickens
too thanks
[Music]
sir so in true Dr oser fashion when she
vacated her position she was already
succession
planning Miss Tracy Martin graduated
from the University of Mary Harden
Baylor in 2013 with the Master's of
Science degree in information systems in
January 2014 she joined Central Texas
College as a professor in our computer
information technology and system
Department until her recent appointment
to department chair of said Department
earlier this month on December 2nd
please welcome Miss Trac
[Applause]
Martin thank you um I'm going to read
line because I wrote it I want yall to
know good afternoon to H Chancellor Dr
Michelle Carter Vice chancellors the CTC
board members it is my pleasure to stand
before you today to say thank you for
the promotion given to me as department
chair for the computer information
technology and Systems Department I
consider it an honor and a privilege to
serve as a leader of this great College
when I started here in January of 2014 I
wanted to spread my Knowledge and Skills
to others to help them achieve their
goals the first graduation I attended in
2014 I was so excited to watch some of
my students because I consider them my
students and so I was like I'm so
excited to watch them walk across that
that stage and I and to know that I
played a part a valuable part in their
education that motivated me to do more
and to continue pouring into my students
I have thoroughly enjoyed working at CTC
and I can't wait to embark on this new
adventure as department chair our
previous department chair Dr oser was a
great example and I intend to continue
the reputation she's built for our
department We are family and I will
continue to keep that sense of family
and support for each other our
department will work hard to be on The
Cutting Edge of technology and bring the
best education to each and every one of
our students that walk through our
classroom doors so with that being said
I want to personally thank everyone that
took part in preparing me for this
position
Chancellor Dr Michelle Carter board
members some of you have no idea but
I've watched you I've watched your
leadership leadership skills and how you
stood tall in your beliefs that CTC will
be the college that provides
accessible Equitable and quality
educational opportunities that promote
Student Success
completion and employability to all of
our students whether near or far so I
want to say again thank you for the
opportunity to be a vital part of the
CTC leadership team
we're when last last year I um I spoke
to the faculty and I shared with them
that I was willing to come to their
classrooms if they invited me Miss
Martin invited me and I attended one of
her classes and it's it was a class um I
don't remember the the name of the class
but there were adult Learners and dual
credit students remember we've always
told you that with Early College High
School and the stem program they're all
together there are no cohorts and I
watched her manage this very diverse
classroom generational diversity if you
will um and she was amazing the students
had no idea who I was uh sitting in the
corner so what I got to see was genuine
it was very authentic and the the
students were really enjoying the the
lesson and the activities so thank you
Miss Martin for
that next four technicians of Tomorrow
you all remember a few years ago we uh
partnered with uh transition assistance
services to stand up the four
technicians of tomorrow uh program um
unfortunately the uh it's a wonderful
program but as with any contract you
know we're not in it to lose money and
so there were some minimum minimum
student numbers that we needed to
achieve for each cohort and it was
difficult for our partner to to maintain
uh th those recruitment numbers and um
so we weren't covering all of our costs
and so we after some
conversations um it was determined that
we would end the contract we we both
agreed um also the this is a this is a a
transition program one of the transition
programs on for cazos of course we
provide the instruction on our campus
but another another issue for the
program is that General Motors has a
program on Fort cabazo and it is
free so those same soldiers are eligible
for that program and it's it's difficult
to compete with free sometimes
right
um business resource center mou earlier
this month uh earlier this fiscal year
uh when you approved Your sponsorship
allocations the business resource center
uh the
$30,000 allocation was included well the
con the theou ends in January and in the
last several years we have always
renewed it well after after evalu Val
ating the performance this year we've
decided all three entities the chamber
as well as uh the Workforce Solutions
we've collectively decided not to renew
the contract uh we pay you will recall
we pay
$330,000 and each of them pays $35,000
in the chamber um actually uh hires the
employees however I will tell you that
we are all committed though to
continuing with support to small
businesses and entrepreneurs it will
just it will look different so those are
the conversations that we're having
right now the chamers taking the the
lead on that so it's not that the
support is going away it's the structure
in which we do it so uh also to let you
know the we made an initial payment of
15,000 not a full $30,000 so we still
have the other
half uh prison education program so the
administration
we're currently pursuing the designation
of our Gatesville prison program as a
Department of Education uh prison
education program and if approved
individuals incarcerated at this
location who meet certain criteria of
course will be eligible for pale funding
pel grant funding and that's huge so um
at this time I'd like for Dr Garrett to
come forward and just talk about our
progression through this process and
what the next steps
are thank you Dr Carter um the to get
approval with the Department of Ed to
offer courses funded through pel has
been a long process and we're we're
almost to the the Finish Line with it um
we had to uh get approval and get
letters of support from the actual
prison system we had to get uh Sachs
approval which was quite a hall um to
their credit they wanted to be sure that
what we submit to the Department of Ed
for pel approval was very very accurate
to the point where if I left off an S
with on something we had to resubmit so
it was it was quite a hall um getting
that approved but I'm happy to say that
we did receive approval from Sachs for
all four locations and the programs that
were request were requested by the gates
prison system so that we should be able
to offer those through pel once now we
get approval from the Department of Ed
so that's the next step my financial aid
team is working on the application right
now um what it amounts to is getting
approval since we as an institution are
allowed to offer pel it's a matter of
getting approval for those Loca those
four locations and the uh degrees that
were approved for those locations and
certificates so once we get that
approval then we'll be able to start
offering a pel to the prisoners at Gat
prison great
all right I started to title this next
bullet Austin update but I went ahead
and spelled it out the Coordinating
Board the uh tack office and a
legislative update I'll start with it
with the Coordinating Board on yesterday
the uh Community College presidents and
chancellors we we had an introductory
meeting with the new Coordinating Board
commissioner Dr W Rosser and it was a
wonderful wonderful one-hour
conversation with him he is a product of
community colleges he graduated from
Kilgore and uh he believes in the
mission of community colleges and has
already done quite a bit of work in his
previous life with different foundations
and and supporting the work of uh of of
community
colleges establishing Pathways for
students to a better life so he he
understands our language he understands
our mission uh fielded several questions
he let us know that uh we were his the
first group that he was actually meeting
with um his Focus obviously will be the
89th legislative session coming up but
he is uh absolutely open uh to hearing
more from us hearing our questions he
made note of several questions uh very
humble what he didn't know he didn't try
to answer he just made a note of it and
what he did know he was willing to share
so um very very pleased with that
selection also the Coordinating Board
released leas the request for
application for the nursing shortage
Reduction Program for the fiscal year 25
grant cycle uh this grant supports
institutional initiatives that enhance
the capacity of Nursing education
programs in Texas with the goal of
increasing enrollment retention and
graduation rates for nursing students so
Dr clunis and her team are currently
preparing uh our application which we
will submit I believe this month right
okay legis ative priorities under tax so
TCH Association of community colleges um
there are lots of things that we're
looking at but the three primary
legislative priorities for this session
include supplemental Appropriations uh
to the original request that will help
us sustain what we're doing and serving
our students uh formula funding for
fiscal year
20627 uh just ensuring that we have the
funding that we need to uh meet the
evolving needs of our students uh this
is the second year of House of House
Bill 8 this particular funding model so
we are still learning quite a bit uh and
then the third legislative priority is
inclusion of private institutions in the
performance tier funding so you you've
heard previously that um one level of
award uh is the transfer from so from
Community College to the fouryear and
currently that fouryear has to be a
public institution but as we know
students go off to schools such as
University of Mary Harden Baylor and
others so one of the things that we
would like to see is the inclusion of
those private universi as well as the
independent universities that students
are attending so that we can receive the
the uh that performance award uh level
of
funding and then legislative update so
to date one this is periodically I'll
come back Mrs Miss Briggs and I we may
tag team on this but as you know we
don't we closed that office we
eliminated a position but I wanted to
assure you that we are tracking the this
session and so miss Briggs has uh
already set up a track a tracker for all
things higher education and a couple of
other spe special interest items for our
staff uh to date
2,234 bills have been filed for
consideration and you know um filing
will continue through I think it's March
right so uh so we are on top of that and
then of course we have resources in the
uh Tech Association of school boards
Tech Association of community colleges
uh as well as the Tex Association of
Community College attorneys which uh
Miss Briggs is a member of so
uh and finally service award ceremony
the annual service award ceremony is
scheduled for this Friday December 20th
at 8:30 we do have a social at 7:30 so
if you're able to come we would love to
have you there we have a seat just for
you I said 7:30 you should did you see
their faces we will have
coffee and that concludes my update
sir thank you ma'am anyone question
comments about the Chancellor's
report comment I want to go back to Dr
oser and Miss
Martin
um if every student could have
access to what you just
delivered it would be
amazing I'm very proud of both of you
congratulations um you heart your your
energy your desire to do
well um was just laid out and I'm glad
Miss Martin you read yours because we
could see I could see how you felt and
yours Dr OA yours showed in your emotion
but thank you thank you guys for what
you do in my life I have run run across
a couple of you but you know it's like a
poster that I gave my husband one time
time that says
um about eagles you don't find them in a
group you find them one at a time and I
just wanted to say that I think of you I
will think of you guys as real eagles
thank you for
that thank you um Dr Carter the
legislative update I know that you both
of you are working on it will you just
um if possible if
every meeting particular our Workshop
whichever you choose would you just let
us know that there is are some new
updates or there's nothing to report I'd
appreciate that yes ma'am thank
you and I had just had a question about
the four technicians of tomorrow is
there any further planning on that or is
it just going to be terminated the the
agreement has
terminated have you all thought about um
approaching CCSD no um I'm sorry the
Ford uh people and see if they can offer
the same type of program as General
Motors is but offer it for kisd and
CCSD graduates would like to go into
that program I will reach out to them I
have sent a communication to them uh
with because in this particular instance
the the middle person is the transition
assistance services but I have reached
out to their for the Ford representative
to let them know that we are open that's
sound like might be a good idea yeah I
like that I know some 18 year olds would
probably love to get good Automotive
Training sure good good point sir thank
you anyone
else thank you thank you man yes sir
item five is to discuss consider
approval of the annual financial report
Mr L
Chancellor Carter members of the board U
lot buron and company has completed
their audit of your financial statements
for
2024 I remind you it contains three
opinion letters uh the first of which uh
deals with the formation of the
financial statements that you see before
you it is an unmodified opinion with no
material weakness or findings the other
two I will go over later with the uh
compliance side real quickly uh let's do
some some of my favorite variation
analysis of the balance sheet and income
statement I have included in your packet
a three-page summary I like to refer to
as the cheat sheet if you want to follow
along with that instead of the book uh
it probably be a lot
easier on page 12 of your AFR you have
your um statement of net position for
fiscal year
um indicator number one on your summary
is total assets
276.50 this fiscal year up four million
over last year your cash and
Investments um are up about a million
over last year uh and then what page are
you if you're in the AFR it's on page 12
there is a three-page summary that
staple summary if you it would be page
one of
that indicator number two is your
accounts receivable at 15.7 million and
it is up
750,000 with your increase in tuition
and rates for this fiscal year um before
I leave AR I have a quick update on AR
as it relates to last year so when we
were going through our testing of AR and
tuition Revenue um we could not get the
variation analysis to come out so uh
with the help of Brenda Thompson uh we
went back and looked at between the two
years between your tuition Revenue in 23
and 24 and we had a $3.4 million
restatement of Prior year AR so when you
look across the column there at that
14.9 that is not what it was last last
year when I presented uh so we do have a
restatement this year of AR it has
increased your net position by 3.4
million in 23 and also increased your
accounts receivable uh for
23 as gby 100 states which was in in
effect this year anytime you have a
restatement or correction I have to
corrected in every single number whether
it's a footnote schedule or whatever in
the whole AFR and that has been done so
when you look at the schedules at the
back the footnotes that change has been
made throughout the whole AFR document
any questions on that before I go if you
need more detail on it there is a a note
disclosure of that on page 20 of the
AFR the other increase in assets is
indicator number three your Capital
assets at 138.236.128.7
and
depreciation indicator number four is
your liabilities total liabilities 98
94.8 million down 1.6 million over last
year um a couple of increases indicator
number five your accounts payable at 5.2
million is up 1.7 million 1.6 million of
that is the brawn and Butler uh
construction uh programs or projects
indicator number six the first item in
indicator number six is your net
position at 18.9 million that is up a
million over last year with the
actuaries calculation and then the
number below that that is our
significant decrease in liabilities and
that is your oped liability at 37.5
million is down 4.4 million over last
year the discount rate for OPB as it
relates to the raid return went from
3.51 or 3.59 to 3.81 anytime that ratio
goes up your liability goes down and I
saw this at every single Community
College indicator number seven is your
net
position right at 164 million for this
fiscal year up $9 million or 5.8% over
last
year as always uh from a reserve
perspective of fund accounting if you
will if I dare to say that um
perspective I'd like to take gby 68 and
75 out of the equation which would be
the pension and OPB calculations so when
I do that your total net position grows
from 164 million to
239.000 million your unrestricted net
position grows to 99.5 million and that
represents 13.6 months worth of
operating expenditures so as a reserve
of a old school Reserve that's that's
that's a very strong position for your
balance
sheet any questions on the balance
sheet I have a question yes sir the OB
uh the reducing and the liability that
also gives us a better rate for our
insurance also right correct so we're
look we're going to look at a hopefully
a reduction of our Insurance liability
you you hope that liability continues to
go down you know the the main reason for
that rate return obviously discount rate
going up is because of the interest
rates correct uh the one that needs to
go down is the health cost Trend rate
and when the health cost Trend rate goes
down it goes or when that when that rate
goes down this liability tremendously
goes thank
you any other
question if you flip the page in the
summary to the statement of revenues and
expenses or if you're following along in
AFR it's page
14 total operating revenues indicator
number one 38.1 million for this fiscal
year up 5.5 million or 177% over last
year your biggest increases tuition of
fees at 28.9 million is up 6.8 million
again that's after I made the change
from last year so still a very
significant increase I went back and
looked you know because we've always
talked about TW tuition rate tuition's
going down leveling off going down uh so
back in
2019 you had 33 and a half million in
tuition uh as it relates to the Texas
campus so as of now for 2024 this is the
first year you've received a significant
increase in tuition since that date and
so that is a very uh very good thing
so then your federal grants and
contracts indicator number three uh they
only you know significant decline uh at
3.2 million it's down about a million uh
we did have over 500,000 in a true grant
last year uh kind of related to covid uh
it still exists but it's a very small
amount and it's it's considered a state
revenue instead of a federal revenue to
date total operating expenses indicator
number four at 87.5 million is up 4.3
million or 5% over last year
uh a lot of variation here uh the main
decrease you have across all departments
salary and benefits are down about 6.4
million then you have some increases in
institutional support indicator number
five um that is up 1.4 million over last
year primarily due to the gby 6875 acral
entries uh indicator number six your
scholarships and fellowships at 22
million is up 5 million over last year
again that's with the tuition increase
and as I'll speak of later you had a a
pretty large increase in pel Grant
income so that's the why that expenses
up uh depreciation uh IND indicator
number seven at 5.1 million is up 1.4
million over last year again we added
leases and subscriptions and all that
kind of stuff last year and the year
before so that is going to continue to
go up and level off as it has
amortization expense attached to it
along with
depreciation and then random variances
your continuing ed is up um almost a
half a million with your truck driving
program uh and then Insurance
expense um went back and looked at it it
is up over a million dollars over last
year I'm seeing that Trend at a lot of
colleges as it relates to the renewal
rates nonoperating revenues is indicator
number eight at 58.3 million is up 8.8
million over last year
17.6% your state Appropriations
indicator number nine is up 2.6 million
over last year uh indicator number 10
your federal revenue at 6 17.9 million
is up 3.8 million again that's uh your
pale alone was increased by 4 million
this fiscal year and then investment
income number 11 at 5.2 million is up
2.1 million because you're actually
making money on your Investments now
with all that being said indicator
number 12 nine right at $9 million and
that is your 5.8% increase in that
position any questions on revenues and
expenses as I alluded to earlier there's
two other opinion letters related to
compliance again the next page in the
summary or page 63 in the
AFR these deal with the internal
controls in the state and federal
programs the first opinion letter deals
with internal controls as it relates to
the financial statements it is a
unmodified or clean opinion with no
findings uh the second opinion letter
deals with the compliance as it relates
to both state and federal programs uh it
is unmodified or clean opinion with no
findings and then you see there item
number seven
identifies those major
programs uh on the federal side we're
we're back to Student Financial Aid we
don't have covid money anymore so we're
not having to audit that as major and
then over on the state side you see it
was teog for this fiscal
year as a result of all that testing uh
all of this goes into the data
collection form at the FED level
indicator number 10 and 11 there uh
those are the primary goal of this whole
uh old section and that is to qualify as
a low risk a for both federal and state
and that answer is yes on both of both
cases any questions on
compliance I don't have any questions on
that you should have a staple
document I refer to as the management
letter
this letter is separate from the audit
uh it is a required question and answer
session from me the auditor to to the
board or the audit committee if you have
one everything in the front of this is
of a positive nature uh in the middle of
page one the only thing I'll note the
only accounting change was that gasby
100 we already talked about that about
correcting all all uh changes throughout
the document whether they be uh prior
year or current year and that has been
done um the rest of the answers and
questions question and answer is of a
positive nature we didn't have to get
legal involved no no console things of
that
nature then on the very last page of the
report it offers a opportunity for me
the auditor if I see insignificant if it
was significant it would be a finding in
the audit if I say insignificant
weaknesses noted uh that I can
communicate this to the board and the
Hop that it doesn't become a finding
later on in the audit uh growing into
more of a large uh control risk problem
so we do have one comment back there
again I I alluded to the state side we
did audit teog as a major program this
year and so when we first came in and
audited teog we noted that there was an
over award possible over award for
teog um now to give you a little
background on teog you can come back it
is allowed at the end of the year to
reallocate your teog funds if you happen
to have awarded too many or too less uh
and so we noted around 360,000
uh over Awards in
teog uh the majority of those in fact
predominant all of that was be able to
be reallocated so you do not have a
finding so when you look at the state
federal fund schedule it is correct uh
it shows 1.1 million of of teog funds
and that was awarded to the college when
we first came in that number was larger
it was over the actual award amount and
you reallocated some of those funds to
eligible programs uh to stay in
compliance with
teog um so my recommendation is just to
reconcile this more on a periodic basis
so that that reallocation that you're in
is not so large you it's always going to
be a little uh just to do it on a more
frequent basis so that year end it's
it's a it's an insignificant amount of
of
reallocation any questions on
that I've just got
a a recommendation chairman that uh on
that
the takes the education Opportunity
Grant let's have our internal auditor
give us a report back say the first
meeting in April to see if we're on
track and any anything needs to be
corrected that been taken care
of any other
questions then I present this for your
approval thank you for your preciseness
and your
quality any questions to add to
Mr leg's report is there a motion to
approve so move second motion been made
in second all in favor say I I thank you
very much item
six word contract and support of
Automotive Training
projects good afternoon uh you'll recall
that last month I was before you telling
you about the grants uh both our
automotive and welding programs received
for new equipment I'm
back asking if we may spend that money
uh let me remind you exactly uh with
with let me remind you about what we're
looking at purchasing um hybrid vehicle
and engine trainers along with uh some
gear shift trainers and
um hydraulic trainers as well for our
Automotive program that contract or
those two contracts won't exceed 1003
$3,713 and then the second um area was
for welding for the Welding Table um
that amount for the water check table
there separate items Ona oh I I
apologize I'm sorry I didn't tell
you I apologize so I'm just gonna stop
um and ask for your approval to uh make
those Automotive purchases again that's
for Ev V vehicles and
trainers the um I I can't even say the
future it's the now to bring our
programs up to date with
industry item
six did you make a motion motion been
made is there a second second motion be
made in second any discussion questions
all in favor say I I now you can go to
the next item all righty uh so this next
item is about the welding equipment this
is for the water jet table which
includes all the equipment that comes
with a water jet table and the software
again this equipment is to bring us into
today's industry Market uh those items
will be purchased at at the uh price of
$157,300
it's all in one document sir it's all in
the same one it's all in the
yeah okay got
okay and I will just I just wanted to
make sure no no worries this comes from
an inexperienced asker for money except
when it comes to
HR not
everybody ask for money with a
smile we learn as we go no one's
perfect okay other questions comments is
there a motion I'll make it all right
motion been made is there a second
second all in favor say I I thank you
thank you so much Miss Bon you have a
recommendation for foundation board
member I do good afternoon Chancellor
Carter chairman towers and Board of
Trustees on behalf of the CTC Foundation
board present a nominee for membership
for the CTC Foundation board the
candidate has been has completed a
nomination application and was submitted
to the nomination chair Dr Jim Anderson
the applications were then provided to
the nomination committee for review and
approval the approval from the
nomination committee was then submitted
to the CTC Foundation board for approval
at the last CTC Foundation board meeting
held on Thursday November 21st 2024 the
board approved the nomination nominee as
presented the nominee is Mr Mark Price
Mr Price is the founder pastor of
Covenant Life Church in cleen Texas and
has over 40 years of leadership
experience Mark has served in multiple
pastoral roles and has also worked as a
manager in the business sector Mark has
served on the Chamber of Commerce health
care and nonprofit boards Mark believes
developing strong relationships within
the community is the foundation for
everyone's success in your personal and
professional life
great leaders learn from other great
leaders this was quoted by Mr Mark Price
I thank you for providing me the
opportunity to present Mr Mark Price to
you on behalf of the CTC Foundation
board we believe he will be an asset to
our board and I ask at this time if
anyone has any questions about the
nominee
question I would make an observation I
spoke to uh Pastor Mark this morning to
see if he was going to be at the board
meeting today and he chose to go visit
his Grands I understand tell you his
character he said it was in good hands
you know I it's was going to present for
him any other questions is there a
motion to approve motion to approve
second motion been made second all in
favor say I I I thank you thank
you time to recommend any topics for
upcoming agenda
[Music]
items M Jordan thank you for reminding
me that you're next
okay this is most important
one I would
agree maybe that's why I
skip okay good afternoon I am here this
uh afternoon
to request your approval when we need to
do an internal transfer in HR we've
identified some HR
expenses um and we need to transfer some
funds internally um generally uh we
wouldn't come to you with this uh
request with the internal transfer but
the dollar amount is such we decided to
request your approval to blame us for
it blame any questions about this
recommendation motion to approve second
all in favor say I I thank you thank you
all right I'll try not to forget you
next
time now recommend any topics for
upcoming agenda items or announcements
by board members Mr
workers um just one quick thing is um
prayers for the Pete Taylor and his
family I know it's been a couple of
weeks but U they' they're still going
through it and
um Pete Taylor was was a great member of
our community did a lot of great
things volunteered dearly in our
community um just wanted wish everybody
a Merry Christmas and continue to love
and care for one another and let's not
be divided let's be unified thank
you just a merry Christmas and happy New
Year to everybody and hope to see you
back here in
January I like the merry Christmas and
happy New Year as
well I received a
message yesterday day before must yeah
it must have been yesterday
um I don't know who it was from I
suspect it was a Bible study teacher in
another
church told me the story of uh his wife
the Bible study teachers
member a woman said that she was
concerned about getting her husband to
go to the CTC graduation for their
daughter because her husband has some
issues of crowd and that sort of thing
and it was quite a burden for both of
them and the message that she gave her
Bible study teacher and said to me was
when he got there and looked up and saw
Mr Wilkerson uh and Mr Weaver and Mr
Towers on the podium he felt comfortable
I don't know what that meant but thank
you guys for making people feel
comfortable anybody else anything else I
too wish you merry Christmas Happy New
Year
and uh I do remember that we have an
executive session to plan for in January
from Dr
Gary any other announcements uh location
of the workshop in January on the 21st
at 1M the board meeting in January on
the 28th at 1M is there a motion to
adjourn I'll move I'll move motion been
made in second all in favor
rise thank you